California Notice at Collection and Online Privacy Policy
California Notice at Collection and Online Privacy Policy
Last Updated: November 1, 2023

Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CPRA”) as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”) (collectively “California Privacy Laws”), this California Notice at Collection and Online Privacy Policy (“Notice”) provides additional details about the Personal Information (as defined in the Privacy Policy) that Hyland has collected in the last 12 months and will collect about California residents. We fully describe our privacy practices in our Privacy Policy but use this Notice to meet the requirements of the California Privacy Laws.

This Notice applies only to individuals who reside in the state of California in the United States and only when Hyland processes Personal Information subject to California Privacy Laws. To the extent there is a conflict between this Notice and the Privacy Policy, this Notice controls as to individuals who reside in the state of California.

Notice at Collection for California Residents
Our Privacy Policy describes the Personal Information we collect. This Notice organizes that description around the categories of Personal Information set forth in the California Privacy Laws and provides the sources of the Personal Information we collect. We use this Personal Information for the purposes identified in our “How We Use Your Information” section of our Privacy Policy. We retain your Personal Information for the period described in the “How We Secure Your Information” section of our Privacy Policy. We may “sell” or “share” your Personal Information, as the CPRA defines those terms.  We do not collect or process sensitive personal information for the purpose of inferring characteristics about you. To the extent you provide Hyland with Personal Information about other California residents, you are responsible for providing this notice to them. 

Information We Collect
We collect information about you when you visit our Sites, attend Hyland Events, or interact with Hyland in other contexts. The information we collect may include Personal Information. The Personal Information we collect may include the following categories:

Identifiers, including name, physical address, e-mail address, phone number, photograph, login credentials for the Sites and for equity owners and option holders only: Social Security number, date of birth, driver’s license or other state identification number, and passport number.
Commercial Information, including records of products or services purchased, purchasing or consuming histories, and order information for training courses or events.
Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, including unique device identifiers, dynamic and static Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, as well as other information, such as browser characteristics, language preferences, operating system details, referring URLs, length of visits, pages viewed, and upvotes and kudos that you post to Hyland-sponsored blogs.
Professional or Employment-related information, including business contact information, job title, employer, and when you apply for Hyland’s educational opportunities, your references, programming experience, application essays, training records for courses you have taken, certifications you have completed, and scores and grades for courses, and for equity owners only, voting records, as applicable.
Non-Public Educational Information, for example, when you apply for Hyland’s educational opportunities, your academic transcripts.
Sensory or Surveillance Data, including voicemails and telephone and video recordings as further described in the “Information We Collect” section of the Privacy Policy.
Preferences, including your dietary preferences and restrictions for when you attend Hyland Events.
Inferences, including inferences that you may be interested in other products or services based on your purchase history.
Other Information you choose to provide.
Sources of the Personal Information We Collect
We may collect your Personal Information from any of the following categories of sources:

You, for example, when you register with our Site, register for a Hyland Event, or when you otherwise provide information directly to us.
Service providers, for example, analytics providers.
Affiliated companies, for example, so that we can assist other companies in Hyland’s international organization to provide you with products or services.
Automated technologies, for example, browsing activity collected by automated technologies on the Site, as described in our Cookie Policy.
Event sponsors, if you attend a Hyland Event sponsored by a third party, that third party may provide Hyland with your information, including Personal Information, such as your name, e-mail address, and phone number.
Third-Party Websites, at times, Hyland posts advertisements on third party websites. These third parties typically inform Hyland if a user clicks on our advertisements. Third parties, for example, lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance, and accounting services.
Public sources, for example, public databases.
Marketing/advertising companies, for example, from social media platforms, consumer research companies, and analytics or marketing/advertising companies.
Surveillance/recording technologies installed by Hyland, for example, video surveillance in common areas of Hyland facilities, voicemail technologies, and audio recording technologies with consent to the extent required by law.
Government or administrative agencies, for example, law enforcement, public health officials, and other government authorities.
Acquired entity, if Hyland acquired another entity, Hyland may collect personal information from that entity.
Disclosures for Business Purposes
Hyland may disclose the categories of Personal Information we collect to the categories of third parties as described in the “How We Disclosure Your Information” section of the Privacy Policy. Additionally, California Privacy Laws require us to describe the “business purposes” (as defined by those laws) for which we may disclose your Personal Information.

We may disclose your Personal Information to other companies within Hyland’s international organization for the business purposes of (a) auditing compliance with policies and applicable laws, (b) helping to ensure security and integrity, (c) debugging, (d) short-term transient use, (e) internal research, (f) activities to maintain or improve the quality or safety of a service or device, and (g) performing services on Hyland’s behalf.
We may disclose your Personal Information to the types of third-party service providers listed in the “How We Disclosure Your Information” section of our Privacy Policy so that they can perform services on our behalf.
We may disclose your Personal Information to our professional service providers, including lawyers, accountants, and consultants, for the business purposes of auditing compliance with policies and applicable laws, in addition to performing services on Hyland’s behalf.
Sales and Sharing
We do not “sell” your Personal Information as most people would understand that term, meaning that we do not disclose your Personal Information to any third party in exchange for a monetary payment. However, as is common practice among businesses operating online, we may allow third parties to receive information about you via cookies for purposes of analyzing and optimizing our services, to personalize your online experience by providing advertisements that are more relevant to you, and for statistical research and analytics. These activities may be defined as a "sale" of Personal Information or as a disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising (“sharing”), under the California Privacy Laws.

In the last 12 months, we have disclosed your Personal Information falling within the categories of Internet or Other Electronic Network Activity Information, to analytics providers and advertising partners, and such disclosure may be considered a “sale” or “sharing” of Personal Information. We disclose this information to build a profile of your interests and activities to enable interest- based marketing to you and to deliver targeted advertising on the Sites and in other interactions that you have with Hyland while online.

We have no actual knowledge that we have sold or “shared” the Personal Information of children under 16, in the last 12 months and we have no intention to do so.

Your California Privacy Rights
Subject to applicable limitations and exceptions, California residents have the following rights under the California Privacy Law:

Right to Know: You have the right to submit a verifiable request for specific pieces of your Personal Information obtained from or about you and for information about Hyland’s collection, use, and disclosure of your Personal Information.  In addition, you have the right to know the categories of your Personal Information that Hyland sold or disclosed to a third party for cross-context (“shared”) behavioral advertising and the categories of third parties to which those categories were sold or shared.  Please note that the California Privacy Law’s right to obtain “specific pieces” does not grant a right to the whole of any document that contains Personal Information, but only to copies of items of Personal Information.  Moreover, California residents generally just have a right to know categories, for example, categories of third parties to which Personal Information is disclosed, but not the individual third parties.
Right to Delete: You have the right to submit a verifiable request for the deletion of Personal Information that Hyland obtained from you.
Right to Correct: You have the right to submit a verifiable request for the correction of inaccurate Personal Information maintained by Hyland, taking into account the nature of the Personal Information and the purposes of processing the Personal Information.
Right to Opt-out of Sale and Sharing: You have the right to opt out of the sale of your Personal Information and the disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for cross-context behavioral advertising.  You may also implement a browser setting or extension to communicate your selling and sharing preferences automatically to Sites, using an opt-out preference signal.   For more information about your right to opt out and how you can exercise that right, please refer to the “Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale/Sharing of Personal Information” below.
How to Exercise Your Rights
gotthisrandomly will respond to requests to know, delete, and correct in accordance with the CPRA if it can verify the identity of the individual submitting the request.  You can exercise these rights in the following ways:

Call 1-743-240-3334
Information Request Form
Notice of Right To Opt-Out of Sale/Sharing of Personal Information
To opt out of the sale of your Personal Information or the disclosure of your Personal Information for cross-context behavioral advertising, you may modify your cookies settings (see our Cookie Policy for additional information on how to modify your cookie settings) or use an opt-out preference signal, such as the Global Privacy Control (GPC). Hyland processes these opt-out preference signals in a frictionless manner. This means that if you enable the GPC, Hyland will automatically be notified that you have opted out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information, and Hyland will automatically process the opt-out preference signal to opt you out of the sale and sharing of your Personal Information.

To enable the GPC:

Go to Global Privacy Control — Take Control Of Your Privacy.
Click on “Get Started”. 
Click on “View All Downloads”.
Under “Browsers + Extensions”, select a participating company and click “Download”.
Follow the instructions provided by the selected company for installing its browser.
If you have enabled the GPC, we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences. However, if you visit our website from a different device or from a different browser on the same device, you will need to opt-out of sale/sharing using the interactive form available through the link provided above or use an opt-out preference signal for that browser and/or device.

How We Will Verify your Request
If you submit a request through an adequately secure password-protected account that you created before the date of your request, we will use the authentication mechanisms in the account to verify your identity.  Otherwise, Hyland uses a tiered approach for verification. Hyland will match Personal Information that you provide us against Personal Information we maintain in our files.  The more risk entailed by the request the more data points we may request to verify your identity.  If we cannot verify your identity to a sufficient level of certainty to respond securely to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot verify your identity.

Authorized Agents
You may designate an authorized agent to exercise your right to know, to correct, or to delete. If an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, the authorized agent must submit with the request another document signed by you that authorizes the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf.  In addition, we may ask you or your authorized agent to follow the applicable process described above for verifying your identity. You can obtain the “Authorized Agent Designation” form by completing this form.

Hyland’s Non-Discrimination Policy
Hyland will not unlawfully discriminate against you for exercising your privacy rights described in this Notice.

Disclosures for Direct Marketing Purposes
California residents may request that we provide certain information regarding our disclosure of Personal Information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  You can make such a request by completing this form.

English Language Controls
This Notice is executed in English and may be translated into other languages. In the event of any conflict or discrepancy between the English language and a translated version, the English language version shall control to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

Changes to this Policy
We may change this Notice from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of this Notice. We encourage you to review this Notice whenever you visit our Sites, attend a Hyland Event, or otherwise provide your Personal Information to Hyland to stay informed about our information practices. This Notice was last modified on November 1, 2023. If we materially change this Notice in a way that affects how we use or disclose your Personal Information, we will provide a prominent notice and the effective date of the changes before making them.



